route_long_name,route_color,route_id,route_url,route_desc,route_short_name,route_type,route_text_color
College Mall / East 3rd Street - Mon-Sat,006633,2480,,"Route 3 East provides great service to the south side of campus along E. 3rd Street from places like The Monroe apartments, Covenanter Gardens, the Woods at Latimer, and Hunter Ridge apartments. This route also provides great service from downtown and IU campus to the College Mall as well as Eastland Plaza and Jackson Creek shopping center. Route 3 West serves the West Kirkwood and West 3rd Street areas including Whitehall Crossing shopping center Sam's Club (on request only), Aldi's and Walmart. Also serves the Highland Village area and the Kirkwood apartments and parts of Curry Pike and Liberty Drive.",3,3,FFFFFF
Campus Shuttle - Sat,A96836,2486,,"If you live in Smallwood Plaza, the 10th and College Apartments, The Lofts, or The Arch, Route 6 is the route to take to get to the 10th Street area of campus as well as Collins and the Memorial Union. This route is also the best way to get to campus along 10th Street from many off-campus apartment complexes such as Fountain Park, Woodbridge I-II-III, Meadow Park, Yorktown, Reserve on 3rd, Knightridge, and Colonial Crest. This route also provides great service to and from Eigenmann Hall and other residence halls on 10th Street. This route is a good way to get to the Kelly Business School, Weels Library, Geology, Psychology, the Memorial Union, and other buildings. Runs every 20 minutes on both the east and west sides of the route, Monday through Friday, during the day when the IU in in full session. On weeknights this bus runs every 60 minutes up to 12:30 a.m. Also runs every 60 minutes on Saturday, Sunday, and on weekdays during the summer months and IU break periods.",6,3,FFFFFF
Campus Shuttle - Sun,A96836,2487,,"If you live in Smallwood Plaza, the 10th and the Arch, The Lofts, or Colonial Crest apartments, Route 6 is the route to take to get to the 10th Street area of campus as well as the HPER building and the Memorial Union. This route is also the best way to get to campus along 10th Street from many off-campus apartment complexes such as Fountain Park, Woodbridge I-II-III, Meadow Park, Yorktown, Bradford Place, Knightridge, and Colonial Crest. This route also provides great service to and from Eigenmann Hall and other residence halls on 10th Street. This route is a good way to get to the Kelly Business School, IU Library, Geology, Psychology, HPER building, the Memorial Union, and other buildings. Runs every 20 minutes on both the east and west sides of the route, Monday through Friday, during the day when the IU in in full session. On weeknights this bus runs every 60 minutes up to 12:30 a.m. Also runs every 60 minutes on Saturday, Sunday, and on weekdays during the summer months and IU break periods.",6,3,FFFFFF
S. Walnut / Clear Creek Shopping Center - Mon-Sat,ED1C24,2475,,"Route 1 North serves Kinser Pike as far as Meadows Hospital, Fritz Terrace, and much of N. College and N. Walnut. It serves much of Fee Lane and goes past the Stadium on the way to campus It connects Brownstone Apartments to places like the Kelley School of Business, the IU Library, and other locations on 10th Street west of Jordan. This bus runs every 60 minutes, Monday through Saturday. Route 1 South provides service to the southwest corner of campus near the Law School, Sample Gates, and Bryan Hall from the south side of Bloomington including streets like South Washington Street, South Henderson Street, and apartment complexes such as Barclay Square, Brandon Court, Sassafras, Summit Pointe, Timber Ridge, Winslow Ridge, and Walnut Woods. This route also serves the Clear Creek Shopping Center at S.Walnut and Rhorer Road.",1,3,FFFFFF
Bloomfield Rd / Heatherwood - Mon-Sat,663399,2482,,"Route 4 East provides service to the south side of campus and downtown from places such as Sherwood Oaks, Acadia Court, Winslow Ridge, Heritage apartments, and Maxwell Terrace apartments. This is also a good route to get to the YMCA. Route 4 West serves the Bloomfield Road (W. 2nd Street) area with direct service to downtown and the south side of campus from places like the Bicycle apartments, Oakdale Square, apartment complexes on Basswood Drive, and South Leonard Springs. Also provides service to Walmart, and Bloomington Hospital.",4,3,FFFFFF
Fee Lane / BHS North - Mon-Sat,ED1C24,2476,,"Route 1 North serves Kinser Pike as far as Meadows Hospital, Fritz Terrace, and much of N. College and N. Walnut. It serves much of Fee Lane and goes past the Stadium on the way to campus It connects Brownstone Apartments to places like the Kelley School of Business, the Wells Library, and other locations on 10th Street west of Jordan. This bus runs every 60 minutes, Monday through Saturday. Route 1 South provides service to the southwest corner of campus near the Law School, Sample Gates, and Bryan Hall from the south side of Bloomington including streets like Washington Street (south of 3rd), Henderson Street (south of Grimes Ln), and apartment complexes such as Barclay Square, Brandon Court, Sassafras, Summit Pointe, Timber Ridge, Winslow Ridge, and Walnut Woods. This route also serves the Clear Creek Shopping Center at S.Walnut and Rhorer Road.",1,3,FFFFFF
Highland Village / Curry Pike -Mon-Sat,006633,2481,,"Route 3 East provides great service to the south side of campus along E. 3rd Street from places like The Monroe apartments, Covenanter Gardens, the Woods at Latimer, and Hunter Ridge apartments. This route also provides great service from downtown and IU campus to the College Mall as well as Eastland Plaza and Jackson Creek shopping center. Route 3 West serves the West Kirkwood and West 3rd Street areas including Whitehall Crossing shopping center Sam's Club (on request only), Aldi's and Walmart. Also serves the Highland Village area and the Kirkwood apartments and parts of Curry Pike and Liberty Drive.",3,3,FFFFFF
South Rogers / Countryview - Mon-Sat,2E3192,2477,,"Route 2 West serves the Reserve at Chandler's Glen as well as the Crestmont Park area, parts of Maple Street, Rogers Street, and Morton Street. This route goes to downtown with no direct service to IU campus, however, you can transfer to other campus-bound routes at the downtown Transit Center. Route 2 South serves the Seminary Square shopping center, Bloomington Hospital, the South Rogers Street area, Countryview Apartments, and parts of Rockport Road and Graham Drive. ",2,3,FFFFFF
High Street / Sherwood Oaks - Mon-Sat,663399,2483,,"Route 4 East provides service to the south side of campus and downtown from places such as Sherwood Oaks, Acadia Court, Winslow Ridge, Heritage apartments, and Maxwell Terrace apartments. This is also a good route to get to the YMCA.Route 4 West serves the Bloomfield Road (W. 2nd Street) area with direct service to downtown and the south side of campus from places like the Oakdale Square, apartment complexes on Basswood Drive, and South Leonard Springs. Also provides service to Walmart, and Bloomington Hospital.",4,3,FFFFFF
Eastside Local,E98C00,2490,,"Route 8 connects persons living in the Hyde Park, Stands, High Street, Park Ridge, 10th Street, and Pete Ellis Drive areas along with those living along Sare Road with the College Mall and Eastland Plaza shopping center.  There is no direct service to campus or downtown. Runs every 60 minutes, Monday through Saturday.  A regularly scheduled trip on Route 8 leaves the Transit Center on weekdays at 8:10 a.m. to Stonebelt. On request outbound service from The Transit Center to Stonebelt is also available at 7:40 a.m. by calling 336-RIDE by 7:25 a.m. on weekdays. ",8,3,FFFFFF
W.11th St / via Showers Complex - Mon-Sat,2E3192,2478,,"Route 2 West serves the Reserve at Chandler's Glen Apartments as well as the Crestmont Park area, parts of Maple Street, Rogers Street, and Morton Street. This route goes to downtown with no direct service to campus, however, you can transfer to other campus-bound routes at the downtown Transit Center. Route 2 South serves the Seminary Square shopping center, Bloomington Hospital, the South Rogers Street area, Countryview Apartments, and parts of Rockport Road and Graham Drive.",2,3,FFFFFF
Sare Road - Mon-Sat,DF2D86,2484,,"Route 5 provides service to the south side of campus and downtown from places like Steeplechase apartments, the Gardens, Oaklawn townhomes, Woodlands, and Maxwell Terrace apartments. Also provides service to Jackson Creek Middle School and Childs Elementary. ",5,3,000000
Campus Shuttle,A96836,2485,,"If you live in Smallwood Plaza, the 10th and The Arch, The Lofts, or Colonial Crest apartments, Route 6 is the route to take to get to the 10th Street area of campus as well as the HPER building and the Memorial Union. This route is also the best way to get to campus along 10th Street from many off-campus apartment complexes such as Fountain Park, Woodbridge I-II-III, Meadow Park, Yorktown, Bradford Place, Knightridge, and Colonial Crest. This route also provides great service to and from Eigenmann Hall and other residence halls on 10th Street. This route is a good way to get to the Kelly Business School, IU Library, Geology, Psychology, HPER building, the Memorial Union, and other buildings.",6,3,FFFFFF
